1. At top of show:
Shostakovich, Symph. No, 7:
2. "Listen to the opening theme, for instance”:
Beginning through No. 2. (No entrance of oboe.)
3.	"... just like Haydn, until it suddenly stumbles on a loud wrong note**:
First 4 bars, with upbeat (omit last note)
4.	"... such a strong accent on it, to say nothing of a trill":
Violins: bar 4 (omit last note)
5.	"... as in this little theme, which follows the one we just heard":
Tutti: one after No. 2, with upbt., for 4 bars (omit last
quarter)
6-A. "So once you hear the first phrase":
Oboe alone:
6-B. "You expect the second one to be identical, only higher":
Oboe [altered part]:
7.	"... just enough to knock you off balance, like that tipsy clown":
Tutti: One after No. 2, with upbt., for 4 bars (omit last
quarter)
8.	"... here is the first theme, with its harmonic switch":
Tutti:	No. 5, with upbt., for 8 bars (no trb.)
9.	*... Shostakovich wrenches us into the new required key of B-flat":
Tutti:	No. 6, with upbt., for 2 bars
10.	"... and see how the harmony jerks you from key to key":
Tutti:	No. 5, with upbt., through 2nd bar of No. 6
11.	"... little marching tune, whistled by the tiny, tinny piccolo":
Tutti:	No. 6 through 1 before No. 8 (omit last quarter)
12.	"... solo violin, forcing out his .... tune over the .... brass section”:
Tutti:	No. 21 through 6 after 22 (omit last quarter)
13.	"... trombone... Introduces this tune... with those pompous two notes”:
Trb. alone:	No. 21, with upbt.
14.	"... as though he*s skipped 50 bars..., and has come in too soon”:
Tutti:	No. 19, with upbt., to dbt. of 20
15.	"... like Pluto in those cartoons”:
Tutti:	No. 20, with upbt., through 4th bar of No. 21
16.	"... listen to this... first movement... by Shostakovich”:
Full performance of MVT. I
17.	"It opens with this clarinet solo”:
Tutti:	MVT. II - beginning to dbt. of 3 before No. 29
18.	"... the strings play strange, yearning waves of melody”:
Tutti: MVT. II - No. 35 to dbt. of No. 36
19. "So here is the very unsymphonic second movement”:
Full performance of MVT. II
20.	"... trumpet blares out... Spanish-type tune, like bull-fight music”:
Tutti: MVT. Ill- No. 57 to dbt. of one before No. 59
21.	"...as if to introduce some great tragic utterance”:
Trombones:	MVT. IV - first 6 bars
22.	"...bassoon solo... very mournful and tragic”:
Bassoon alone: MVT. IV - first 12 notes
23.	"... there is this recitation by the cellos and basses”:
Cellos and Basses:	Beethoven Symph. No. 9, Finale:
24.	”... bassoon doing... same thing, even in the same key”:
Bassoon:	MVT. IV - first 2 notes
25-A.	”... this same mournful bassoon, without so much as
drawing breath”:
Bassoon:	hold C-flat
25-B.	”... slyly sneaks into a saucy little dance-tune”:
Tutti:	MVT. V - No. 70 to No. 71
26. ”Happy listening! And happy birthday, Dmitri Shostakovich”:
Full performance, MVTS. Ill, IV and V